[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm radio and television
host Jimmy Church,
and I am here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
My guest today is Chris Bledsoe
recognized by America's three
letter agencies and acknowledged
by the Vatican, making him
a pivotal player in the
global conversation on UFOs
and extraterrestrial phenomena.
>> I saw what I thought
was the setting sun.
I walk a few more steps
up closer to the gate,
and now I'm looking at
two of these things.
And there wasn't
nothing from this world.
>> As always, MUFON
Field Investigator Josh--
Josh, can you pull up the map?
>> Yeah.
>> --joins us to
help set the scene.
Join us as we dive deep to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
>> Now seeing these
things is one thing,
but when it sees
you and you know it,
that's a different story.
And he couldn't talk.
He couldn't scream.
He was paralyzed.
>> Welcome to "Into the Vortex."
I'm Jimmy Church.
And today, my guest
is Chris Bledsoe.
And this is a conversation
I've been looking forward
to for a very long
time, including you Josh
where we have with
Chris's case, we've
got a little bit of everything
that is involved in his life.
We have craft.
We have his family.
We have government agencies.
We have a religious spin.
We have entities.
We have Greys and of
course, his co-workers.
There's orbs are
everywhere calling him.
Everything is in this case.
What do you think is
actually going on?
>> Ooh, that's a tough question.
I would say that
Chris's case is one
of the most profound stories
I've ever personally heard
in the field of Ufology.
And I'm just super happy
that you're here today.
And thank you for being here.
And I'm happy to
get into it today.
It's going to be
really interesting.
>> Josh is going to have some
questions before we're done.
Chris, welcome.
It's good to finally
sit down with you.
This case has always impacted
me because of the family aspect.
You've got your children.
You've got different
homes and family homes
and family homes that
are next door to you
and all of this interruption
into all of this.
How has that
impacted-- before we
get to the foundation
of everything,
how has it impacted your family?
>> Well, to begin with,
it was awful and negative
because of fear factor
not knowing this that
we're in unknown territory.
And so to have this
appearing inside the house
and it is kind of frightful.
But they're all
embracing it now,
my wife included
and all my kids.
And they see it as
a positive thing.
>> I want to bring up a
picture of your family.
And I bring this up
because I'm a dad.
And I have a family.
And I totally get that.
And here we have--
take us through
everybody in this image.
>> Well, starting on the left
our left, that's Chris Junior.
He's my oldest boy.
He's 33 now.
And he was with me in '07 when
this major thing on the river
happened.
And the next one is Ryan.
He is my youngest boy.
He's just turned 30.
>> I follow his podcast.
>> Yeah, he has a
podcast Bledsoe said so.
Then of course, my wife and
our little puppy Biscuit.
And then my daughter
Emily, she's the baby.
She's 26 right
now soon to be 27.
And then my middle son on
the far right is Jeremy.
He's 31 or 2.
And he's a data scientist
at East Carolina University.
So all have come through
a long journey with this,
and it's all turned into a
blessing for them all now.
>> They're all amazing.
So let's talk about the
beginning and especially Chris
Junior, because that
night-- take us through it--
you're out with
some, let's just say,
co-workers and Chris Junior.
And you head out to go and
relax on the river there,
and Chris Junior while you were
off having your own experience,
Chris comes face to
face with an entity.
And that must have
been life changing.
So take us through
that night and how
you felt when your own son now
is part of this experience.
>> He was in shock when I
found him, basically in shock.
So it was January the 8 of '07.
I had invited, well,
actually three co-workers.
And they called me that day
and said, "Can we go celebrate.
We're glad we're done,
and it was all worth."
So I said, "Yeah,
I'll take you fishing
if that's what you want to do."
My wife was not at home.
She was away with the
other three children.
So it was just
Chris Junior and I.
So we agreed.
And 2:30 in the
day, they got there.
And we took off to
the river, which
was only five minutes from
where I live, maybe six minutes.
And so at that time, I was at
the lowest point in my life
suffering from Crohn's disease
and from losing my business.
So long story short,
I walked away.
I said, "I'll see
you guys after dark.
I'm going to walk
up to the field
to see if any wildlife
comes out not telling them
where I was thinking--
>> Wildlife?
There's an interesting
comment because--
>> That's one way of saying it.
>> Yeah exactly.
So you head up to the field.
>> And I get really close
to the top of the hill.
You can't see the fields
yet because all I can see
is a gate up about
100 feet up the road.
And when I got near
that gate, I saw what
I thought was the setting sun.
I walk a few more steps
up closer to the gate,
and my peripheral
vision got wider.
And now I'm looking at
two of these things.
So I knew right
away this was not--
>> Two setting suns
doesn't add up.
>> Right.
>> And I analyzed everything
because I'm a commercial-rated
pilot.
And I grew up around Fort Bragg.
So I know about everything
that flies around there,
and it wasn't nothing
from this world.
And so I sit there, well,
actually hid from it.
I was afraid.
I got down on my knees and
crawled over in the bushes.
And I could use the
hill to pop up and look.
And I'm in the weeds.
So I think I'm hiding or
that's what I thought, and it
was great looking at it.
Seeing these things is one
thing, but when it sees you
and you know it, that's
a different story.
And a third one above me
appeared and shot down
beside the other two.
And the next thing I
remember is walking up
to the fire the last 50 feet.
And when I walked
up, it startled them.
They were unnerved
a bit anyhow and--
>> What time was this now?
>> This is probably it
was four hours later.
>> Yeah, four hours later,
they're looking for you.
You don't know what's going on.
You don't know about
the missing time.
But probably even more
extraordinary than that
is your son.
>> Yeah.
>> And so, of course,
you're a father,
and that's the
first thing you ask.
>> Yeah, I asked immediately.
I didn't even stop
walking towards him.
I'm like, "Where
is Christopher?"
They said, "Well, he's
been lost for two hours.
We can't find him.
We couldn't find you.
And they had gone
on a big search.
So I left immediately.
I just ran right on by him to
the back of that cul-de-sac
because that's where they
said he'd gone in the woods.
>> And how old was Chris
Junior at this time?
>> He was 17.
>> 17 years old.
He's a kid.
>> Yeah, a kid.
>> He's a kid.
And you don't know anything.
And you're shouting out for him.
What happens next?
>> So I run up to the
edge of the woods,
and I'm parting the
bushes to get in there.
And he scares me.
He comes up from
under the bushes.
And what he had done was
he could see all the way
across the cul-de-sac
and down that road that
parallels the river.
So he had a quarter
mile view of that road.
And he saw two red
balls of light orbs
come across the path.
So they went into the
woods on the river side,
and he ran up to the
guys to tell them
he just saw some flashlights
or some weird lights
go in the woods.
And he left there and went
back to that same spot.
They came back out in the
road, these two balls of light,
started down that long
quarter mile to him.
And when they got within--
and that caused him to hide.
They were getting
closer and closer.
So he laid down on his
stomach and backed himself up
under this thick of shrubs.
And at that point, they
got within 20 feet of him,
and he could see there were
two little beings there
about 3 feet tall and
had red glowing eyes.
And one would look at him.
There was always one
looking at him always.
And he couldn't talk.
He couldn't scream.
He was paralyzed.
He laid there for
who knows how long.
>> And he of course, he isn't
aware of your experience up
at the gate on the hill.
And you're listening
to him now repeat
what he is going through.
At that point before we
move on, as a father,
do you scare your son and go
I went through the same thing
where you push him over
the edge, oh, this is real?
Or do you do you comfort him?
What do you do as a
father at that point?
>> Well, I was really concerned
because he was definitely--
he was unlike anything
I'd ever seen.
He was terrified.
He was in shock.
And he said, "Why
did you leave me dad?
Why did you leave me?
I said, "I didn't leave his son.
I just walked up to the field.
I was only gone 20 minutes."
And he said, "No, you've
been gone all night."
And these creatures-- that's
when he started telling me,
these creatures
come and scared me.
And so I grabbed him and
walked him back to the fire.
And he's talking this and see
the guys at the fire hearing it
as we're getting closer.
And they know I told
them I saw lights up
at the top of the hill.
So the overall
temperature of this thing
was like everybody was very
quiet listening to Christopher.
Suddenly, one of the guys
shouts, and we all look up.
And there were eight or nine
looked like stars as bright
as Venus which we
know are orbs now.
And they just went out away
and they come together.
And they look like somebody
designed their movement.
And then three of them come
down and landed in front of us
across the river.
>> This is like "Close
Encounters of the Third Kind"
but playing out for real?
>> Yeah.
>> Did you have, again, any
indication of what was about
to happen with the
rest of your life.
And I'm speaking specifically
different government agencies,
the CIA, and who start
knocking at your door.
There's an interest in this.
They know something is going on.
And they know something
is going on with you,
but they're also dealing with
the phenomena on their own.
They start showing up.
How do you take that?
And what was your reaction?
>> Well, let me tell you
when they first showed up,
we had been investigated.
And I had gone through a
couple of UFO conferences
and got to meet everybody.
And they started
coming to my house.
They wanted to see the place--
the UFO community does.
Well, they pretty
well and scared us
to death with the fact
that the men in black's
going to get you.
And remember Will Smith
was on TV at that time.
So we were scared
of the government
that they were going to put us
away or kill us or something.
And so and I get a call one day,
and it's my youngest boy Ryan.
He calls me.
He and Emily are at home.
Ryan picks up the phone
and says, "Dad, there's
this guy from NASA here
wants to talk to you."
I said, "Tell him I'll
be home in an hour."
And we ended up becoming
best friends for 11 years.
But I was terrified
to begin with.
But it was those people
along with CIA friends that
came to my children and spoke
to them and to my family
and told them, you
need to listen to him.
He's telling you the truth.
So they brought peace
back to my family.
It was the government
folks that did that.
>> You call them orbs.
And I've always found
that interesting.
And so many have seen what they
think is or could be anything.
It could be a ship.
It could be a craft.
It could be translucent.
It could be interdimensional.
It could be all of the above.
It could be a glowing
metallic situation.
We just don't know.
But overall, we
use the word orbs.
Why do you choose that word?
>> Because I did that in '07
when I first reported this
thing.
I couldn't say I saw a
flying saucer because I
didn't or any machine.
It was a ball of light
that looked mechanical
looking the way it was acting,
but it was just pure light.
So I thought about
that, and I just
used the term orb, which
is how I reported it back.
>> I have an image here.
Josh, I hope you don't mind.
This is an image of
Chris Junior standing
in front of what appears to
be, I'm just going to say,
a landing site.
>> Well, that actually is two
years after it burnt the grass.
So nothing would grow there.
But it left-- when
it first happened
the grass was beautiful
and green that spring.
When it came back, it had
a perfect little donut
in the middle.
But if you see those
paths behind him,
you see those streaks?
There's two other orbs that
we didn't shoot in that photo.
There are over to the
right where they landed.
And what we figured is
they come out of the sky,
and they just kind of
moved along the ground
until they sat down
three circles in my yard.
>> Have you seen physical
craft besides the orbs?
>> I have, yeah.
I have pictures of
and video of daytime.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Chris, speaking
to that, Josh,
Chris sent me some
videos many years ago.
And it was after an interview.
And he said to me,
"You just wait."
So you sent me these videos.
And I'm looking
through the videos,
and I hear the voice
of somebody that
is a personal friend of mine
who is a friend of yours that
is during one of these events.
We don't need to get into that.
But when I see the orb,
the craft come down
and I'm listening to my friend's
voice describe what's going on,
I just wrapped
the show with you.
I picked up the phone and
called this individual
and said, "what?"
"Jimmy, it came down from
the sky in front of me."
And this is somebody
that I trust.
This kind of thing
seems to happen on
is it a conscious connection?
And second part to this
question, a lot of things
are outdoors.
Do they ever appear
in your home?
>> All the time, yeah.
And believe it or
not, it's so common.
My wife recently it's
been about a month ago,
I walked out about 9
o'clock to check the sky
and see if it was cloudy.
And I was going to go
out and sit a while.
My wife said, "Well, when
you got up to go outside,
this green orb appeared
right over your chair" right
where I was sitting.
And it's about this big around.
And it was making
this sizzling noise.
She described it as an
electrical sizzling,
which I have them on
video making that noise.
You can hear them.
And it just popped.
When it popped, it filled
the light with green.
The whole room turned
green for a brief second,
and then it vanished.
But we see them go by the front
door, go through the bedroom,
then they're up here.
But it's not all that
often, but they do.
>> Can we do it now?
>> Well, we can ask.
>> OK.
Well, let's see.
We shoot live.
That would be pretty
interesting to--
well, and your experiences--
and the book is
incredible, "UFO of God."
And I've read it
so many times now.
But there's another spin on
this where some experiencers,
not all but some experiencers
it's a negative thing.
And they're not-- this is
not a funny ha-ha situation
that they go through.
Yours has been an overall
positive experience,
is that fair to say?
>> 100%, yeah.
>> And how would your experience
transform the way that
the public views this.
And do you feel that the
agencies, and you can pick one.
You've been involved
with all of them.
Do they have a different spin?
Are they trying to present
this differently than the way
that you feel?
>> I would say there's some
out there that would like to.
But for what I'm
experiencing, I just
had a senior executive CS19
at my house from the DIA.
And they got to see it the whole
family and right in her face.
When she first came there
she was talking about,
you must be creating this.
And I'm like, "No, these are
intelligent entities that
can hear your thoughts."
And pretty soon it
started reacting to her,
and it would flash on and off.
And so they don't know, Jimmy.
For the most part,
this government
knows its conscience based.
And it can do whatever it
wants to do at any moment,
appear as it wants to, and
it's always a mile ahead of us.
So, how do you put a
label to this thing?
We really don't know.
But I'm not afraid of it.
I have suffered with
Crohn's disease.
And that's something
I didn't get to.
But that night on the river
when I got Chris Junior
home the next day,
I was no longer sick
like I had been for 17 years.
And so that automatically made
me see it as a positive thing.
>> Chris, I'm obsessed with
the transformational aspect
of the phenomenon.
And in your story, you went
from negative to positive.
But a lot of experiencers
don't get there.
My question for you
is, that negative shock
in the beginning
of the experience,
is that necessary to break
open to expand to transform?
Or are you just or most people
just not interpreting it
correctly in the beginning
until they get over the fear?
>> Well, it's the fear.
It's the fear is so fearful.
Even today, if an orb appears
right here next to me,
I get this fright that
happens all of a sudden.
It's human nature.
I don't care how hard
you try, it can still
when you're looking at
something coming at you,
it can bring chills
down your spine.
And I've been added so long that
I know there's no danger there.
But a lot of people don't get
past that fear, that shock,
and then the feeling of being
their privacy being taken
or whatever.
So that's what the
CIA talks about
that they can come right in
and do what they want with you
and you have no say.
So that's kind of a hard thing
for these people to swallow.
But it's all been
a positive thing.
And for my children,
it's all positive now.
They can walk outside
and ask it to come,
and it comes just like I do.
>> Can I ask you about
that pin on your lapel?
>> Yes.
>> I've never seen
a pin like that.
It looks mysterious.
It looks a little bit nutty.
What is it?
What are we looking at?
>> That pin has been questioned
a lot by a lot of people
wanting to see it.
And I never would share
it because I was asked
not to when it was given to me.
But it came in an envelope
with a dinner napkin
from Camp David.
>> Camp David?
>> Camp David Maryland.
>> The presidential retreat?
>> Yes.
It's a NASA pin.
It's 24-karat gold.
It was given to me.
And in their circles from
what I was told that if you're
known to have interacted
with the phenomenon
off planet beings,
you get one of these.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
Well, I'm still waiting for
mine to come in the mail.
I don't know about you, Josh.
But what that says
to me Camp David
that means the White House,
that means the president.
And if NASA was involved,
that means NASA.
Correct me if I'm wrong,
I'm just connecting the dots
here that somebody at
NASA, probably the director
or the administrator is at
Camp David discussing you
with the president.
And then they turn
around and send you
that pin from Camp David.
Do I have this
picture painted wrong?
>> You're exactly right.
>> Camp David presidents?
Don't you want to know who?
>> Yeah, what President was in
office us when you receive that
amazing--
>> It was Barack Obama.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Sure it was so.
>> What does the CIA know?
What is it that they
want to project?
What is the message that
they want the public to feel
about the phenomenon?
>> There's a lot of mixed
emotion there as well.
But I'm friends with
the top all the way up.
And the guy that wrote
the foreword of my book
was the Director of Operations
Clandestine Director.
He's 007 this guy.
And just recently,
I was at his house
in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware.
We were a couple of blocks from
Joe Biden's house just across.
And we were there for a
cookout and a lot of people
from Washington there and
from the Justice Department
and everywhere.
But we filmed a lot of
orbs flying right over,
come right off the beach,
come right over our house.
And it was pretty interesting.
But they're open minded.
I think they want
an air caution.
The government's first
thought is national security.
They come at it with
that standpoint,
how is it going to-- how
can we protect these people?
How can we protect this country?
And so it's understandable
to have that
until we know what
we're dealing with,
you probably shouldn't
mess with it.
>> Let's take things
in another direction
because there's
another part to this.
We have the science.
We have NASA.
We have the studies.
We have everything
that you have done
and the documentation and
the imaging and the videos.
We have all of that.
But then we have the lady.
And we've got a sudden very
serious and very direct--
I'm going to use the word--
religious.
We've got a religious
side to this.
Your book is called
"UFO of God."
>> Right.
>> Now, what do we do with this?
Is this a religious thing?
And is this now a
universal thing?
Because if you're interacting
with this beautiful figure
and she's speaking
to you, and it's
that this must be going on every
planet in every star system
across the universe.
It's not just Chris Bledsoe
on planet Earth, right?
>> Right.
Well, I'd have to say about
that, if anything in my whole
16 and 1/2, 17 years of
this interaction with any
of the agencies, they're more
interested in her than an orb.
By and far a whole lot more
it's gotten a lot of attention.
In fact, I was requested to
put in writing what she told me
when I first met
her to the Pentagon
for some Air Force generals.
And I did that.
But I'm not a religious person.
I used to be.
I was born and
raised in the church.
I married a Pentecostal.
>> You're in the Bible belt?
>> Yeah.
And so it changed me.
Everything about this
changed me to a more loving,
spiritual, a better father.
I don't harm animals anymore.
I used to be a hunter.
I cry if I think about
hurting one literally.
This whole experience
made me cry for 10 years.
I've been just can't--
and when I think about it,
it's what it does to me.
>> I keep saying the lady.
For those that don't know
what we're talking about,
who is the lady?
>> Based on the way
she interacts with me,
she's some sort of
spirit and in divine way.
There's a scripture in
the Bible Daniel 10.
It gives the exact
same description
that I wrote to move on--
body is glowing
gleaming like glass,
red eyes like torches of
fire glowing brilliantly
same thing I drew.
So they called it
an angel, which
is a messenger from up there.
But what is that?
We don't know what that is.
>> Angel was a word
that they had back then.
They didn't have
another word for it.
Today, we would say anything.
We certainly would
probably refer
to ET or aliens or some
extraterrestrial species that
is off planet.
But I don't think
that those words were
being used 2,500 years ago.
>> These are the things that
I know and I've studied with
people like Dr. Diana Pasulka
and others that know that
it's all biblical that it's
what they were writing about.
But what was it they
were writing about?
They just interpreted
it that way.
So that's where, I
think, this conversation
has to go to figure
out what it is.
>> Here's the thing,
you take the Bible,
exchange a few words, insert
alien, insert grace, craft,
flying saucer, and you've got
the best science fiction movie
ever.
It's right there in front of us.
Have you ever had
your DNA tested?
>> Yes.
I've had no results on it other
than I know where I'm from
and my ancestry and so on.
That's been a big
thing with NASA
was the first ones that asked
me, you need to find out--
>> Why?
>> --where--
>> Why would they want to know?
>> Because they believe it's
inherited or it comes through
our bloodline
somehow, I don't know.
>> But see, this is
information that they know.
When you hear comments about
the health effects from UAPs,
and they're talking about
these very specific things,
they're talking and
asking these questions
because they have the data.
They know what
they're looking for.
And if they're
looking at your DNA,
they're doing it for a reason.
>> They're looking more at
my brain trying to figure out
my brain and why it
does what it does.
They have it on camera as
orbs are appearing next to me.
I'm in a calm state, 40 feet
away an orb flies right by us
while other scientists
are monitoring my brain.
And that was the
first time in history
this has ever been done.
John Alexander reminded
me of that this week.
But what they said
was a Buddhist
monk could study
for 40 years to get
to this ultimate
state of enlightenment
or I guess is the words are
correct, but I'm able to do it,
they say, just at a
snap of my fingers.
>> Instantaneously?
Wow.
>> Have you ever asked why you?
>> A thousand times,
and I have no clue.
I have no idea.
I just accept the fact that
that's what's happening.
>> We've all heard in our
community about elements
of the Department of Defense and
inside of the Pentagon that are
very aware of ET and
contact and the phenomenon.
And they do have a
religious take on this.
Now these are officials
inside of the Pentagon.
Is that why they have
this interest in the lady?
>> Well, that and no, because
the story of Fatima according
to what I've learned,
there's a difference.
In fact, I'm working with
a lot of academics on this.
There were 40,000 people
that saw Fatima, 40,000.
And the first thing
that they reported,
which I wasn't aware
of is the setting sun
come out of the sky.
>> That's right.
>> And it dried them all out.
They were wet from
a thunderstorm.
Then appears a disk--
>> In front of everybody.
>> A disk with lights on
it going around the rim.
And orbs come out of
the sky along with it.
We're all around
orbs and this disk.
And out comes this little
lady about yay tall.
And the church called it
the miracle of the sun,
and they claimed
it the Virgin Mary.
Well, we don't know that.
We don't know who she is.
In fact, some of my
friends in the government
think she's always
been here and been here
a lot longer than the Virgin
Mary would have been here.
She's been reported in every
country for as far back as 3/4
of a million years.
>> The same lady, though, the
same lady has been reported--
>> Well, exactly my point.
Thank you, Josh.
This is the thing,
the similarities
between your case in Fatima
and Josh's reaction right now
in mind, we all see and
understand what's going on.
But when we look back at
Fatima, a historical case well
documented, but we know that
these three children were
told things that were taken
not only very serious,
but the Vatican is involved.
They want word for word what
was repeated and so forth.
Do you feel like you've
been told the future?
Do you feel that you are
now in a position that--
where you're dealing with a lot
of, I'm going to say, pressure?
>> Yeah.
And I've always stayed away
from trying to tell the future.
I've been told a lot of things.
I've shared very
little of it because I
don't want to sound like
some prophet or anything.
I just want to share the reality
of what's happening here.
And to answer your question
about my book "UFO of God,"
the reason I named it that
for one, it's controversial.
For two, you can't read
a book by the cover.
And for three, it's time that I
believe that the churches need
to start talking about this.
And we pretty much believe
that the same thing
they were seeing 2,000
years ago is the same thing
we're seeing today.
What is it?
They called them
angels in the Bible.
We call them orbs.
We call them the phenomenon
because we really don't know.
But I think it's probably
all in the same pot together.
>> But the conscious connection
is one that we're all
interested in.
And if consciousness
exists outside of the body,
that means it is
truly universal.
And ET would understand
that, ET being
an intelligence-advanced species
beyond us if they are arriving
at this planet, they know how
to deal with consciousness.
And so by reaching
out and asking,
isn't that a clear
indication that we
need to start looking
at consciousness
and how we can communicate?
>> 100%.
That's where the government's
going with it wholeheartedly,
talking about consciousness.
To give you one little
quick example of something
that I don't make a whole
lot of talk about it
but I've been doing this
since 2016, just recently
in July, the 28th of July,
we conducted an experiment
with a group of folks in
Spain there in Granada, Spain
up on a mountain.
There were 200 people there.
They organized it.
And they called-- they got
the newspaper and the radio
involved.
We had planned for me to try to
get it to appear there, which
I've been successful at doing.
I don't like to say I.
All I can do is ask.
It surprises me when it comes.
But you can see.
You can hear.
We recorded it all on audio.
You can hear all these people.
I asked them to be quiet.
They were all talking at once.
You had a big crowd
and I said, now
let's all think about one thing
together about the phenomena,
think about the lady.
Most of those people
were Catholics anyhow.
So they're very familiar
with their lady.
And so I got them
all thinking that.
And immediately I said,
"I'm going to send you
the vibes right now."
And instantly, you
should hear the reaction
because the orbs just
started coming right down
through the valleys
right by them.
So, how is that happening
2,000 miles away or however far
to Spain?
And we've done
this over and over.
>> Absolutely incredible.
Again, Chris, thank you so much.
I just can't thank you enough.
>> I appreciate you.
>> This is "Into the Vortex."
I'm Jimmy Church.
We'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]